feat/chainable translators (#542)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-jdbc: docs/src/main/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/pages/sql2cypher.adoc

It consists of two interfaces, `SqlTranslatorFactory` and the actual `SqlTranslator`.
- A concrete implementation of this SPI, published as `{group-id}:neo4j-jdbc-translator-impl`.

The latter is covered in "xref:s2c[]" and bundled as the "full bundle", described in xref:available_bundles[xrefstyle=short].
The former is provided for two reasons: It allows us to distribute the driver with and without the bundled, default translator and can be an option for you to run your custom translator.

> Translators can be chained, and you can have as many translators on the class-path as you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translators can be chained, and you can have as many translators on the class path as you want.
```

Also note that there is as well _classpath_ in the current documentation. This should get unified.

Author: Most official docs use `classpath` (Edit: Geez autocorrect)

Reviewer: Then my suggestion is of course
```suggestion
Translators can be chained, and you can have as many translators on the classpath as you want.
```
😺
